src/questions.md, before:

questions:

- What if you need to make an update to previous transactions or properties etc? Are all of those allowed?
- - ask how division order can "change ownership" when the krmrs are the owners? is it operators? or just the other partners?
    - I guess its the people leasing from you
    - so we need to create a leases table?

----4/10

- what fields should accounts table have in each account?

-----5/8/25

- so each transaction has an "account" hooked up to it?
- then does each transaction have the gross,taxes, etc or do you put each of those in separately?
- \*\* should this be where you put in your ownership percentage? right now have that set in other table with dates, then you just get a single check from them and we don't need to take out percentages from there?

  - I guess the oil company paying only sends you your percentage to begin with so Need to have 2 separate paths here 1. oil company payer 2. owner (receiver)

- (5/9) can you give me some examples of accounts your paying to?

less important:

- should all of the transactions in an entry be for the same property or company? -> thinking not
  how are they grouped? just however you want

Commit message:

added trends tab on FE and backend functionality to get all income by property for x number of years

src/questions.md, after:

questions:

- What if you need to make an update to previous transactions or properties etc? Are all of those allowed?
- - ask how division order can "change ownership" when the krmrs are the owners? is it operators? or just the other partners?
    - I guess its the people leasing from you
    - so we need to create a leases table?

----4/10

- what fields should accounts table have in each account?

-----5/8/25 \*\*\*\*

- so each transaction has an "account" hooked up to it?
- then does each transaction have the gross,taxes, etc or do you put each of those in separately?
- \*\* should this be where you put in your ownership percentage? right now have that set in other table with dates, then you just get a single check from them and we don't need to take out percentages from there?

  - I guess the oil company paying only sends you your percentage to begin with so Need to have 2 separate paths here 1. oil company payer 2. owner (receiver)

- (5/9) can you give me some examples of accounts your paying to?
- when do you submit an entry? where can you see it after that?
